Truth or dare with the person to your right. !NAME! starts
The first person to touch !NAME!'s feet gives out 3 sips
If you've repeated a year in school drink 4 times
If you've been on a gap year drink twice.
The player who dated the worst girl ever drinks 3 times
!NAME! has to kiss !NAME!, otherwise finish your drinks
!NAME!, let !NAME! send a Snapchat from your phone or drink 5 times
The first person to find any white object gives out two sips
The person to the left of !NAME! drink 3 times
!NAME! ask a question out loud to the group, first person to respond gives out 3 sips
!NAME!, those who don't follow you on Instagram, drink 3 times
!NAME!, give out as many sips as you want to !NAME!
Drink 4 times if you're secretly in love with one of your friends
Drink 2 times if you used to be in love with one of your friends
Reasons to smoke, the first person to run out of ideas drink 2 times, !NAME! starts
!NAME! challenge someone to a thumb war, the loser drinks 5 times
Last person to have checked their phone drinks 2 times
!NAME! if you had to sleep with one person in the room, who would it be. Otherwise drink 5 times
!NAME! drink 2 times out of !NAME!'s glass
!NAME! and !NAME! - Rock, Paper, Scissors. The loser drinks 3 times
!NAME! drink as many sips as glasses you've poured
!VIRUS!Shhh you're in a library, everyone has to whisper until told otherwise. Anyone who fails drinks 3 times
You can stop whispering now
!VIRUS!!NAME! has to copy all of us !NAME!'s moves, if he forgets take a drink
You can now stop copying every move
If you own an Apple device drink 3 times
If you own an Android device drink 3 times
!VIRUS!!NAME! has to sit on !NAME!'s lap until told otherwise
You can now stop sitting on each others laps
!NAME! lick the elbow of the person to your left, or drink 3 times
Those who have kissed someone in a nightclub give out 4 sips
Drink 4 times if you've ever pissed without using your hands
'Surgeons tools', the first to run out of ideas drinks 3 times. !NAME! starts
!NAME! if you came home before 5am on your last night out drink 2 times, otherwise give out 2 drinks
!NAME! can write something on !NAME!'s forehead or drink 3 times
Be polite to !NAME! as he is now serving everyone's drink
You can now stop serving drinks
!VIRUS!If you say either 'yes' or 'no', you have to drink 3 times
You can now say 'yes' or 'no' again
!NAME! if you're wearing any clothes which don't belong to you then drink 2 times
Would you rather play all instruments perfectly or speak 15 languages?<br>Everyone vote at the same time, losing group drinks 2 times
Anyone who has known !NAME! for less than 2 months drink 2 times
Go around the room and spell the name of the person to your right. If you fail drink 2 times
Give out 3 sips if you ever farted during sex
The next person who has to drink will double his/her amount of sips
Right handed people drink 5 times
Game time: Never have I ever
!VIRUS!From now on everyone has a lisp
You no longer have a lisp
If you can touch your nose with your tongue, give out 3 sips
The first player to find a triangular object in the room, give out 4 sips
If you've ever professed your love in a drunk text, give out sips. If not drink 2 times
!NAME! the next person to look into your eyes drinks 3 times
Each person must read out their last text message they sent/received to the room
Everyone must pass their phone to the person on the right and they can send a Snapchat to anyone
Those who don't own a car drink 4 times
If you've ever gone 3 days without wearing makeup give out 3 drinks, otherwise drink 3.
!NAME! choose a song!
!VIRUS!!NAME! you must say the opposite of what you mean until further notice
You can now stop saying the opposite of everything
!VIRUS!!NAME! now has to speak with an !RANDOMACCENT! until further notice
You can now speak normally again
The last person to put their thumb on the table drink 3 times
Drink 4 times if you're a mean drunk
The first person who filled their glass today can give out 4 sips
Everyone names the person who would be the most complicated in love.That person drinks 4 times
Girls wearing lipstick drink 3 times
Those who use Twitter drink 3 times
For those who are going to a club after, down your drinks
Drink 2 times if you've made love in the last 48 hours
The last person who filled their glass must drink 4 times
The person with the biggest nose drinks 3 times
!VIRUS!You must now insult everyone you're talking to until further notice
You twats can stop insulting each other now
Drink 2 times if you've ever measured your penis or your partners penis
Drink 4 times if you've ever asked your partner if you can go out on a night out
Last player to read a book give out 4 sips
!VIRUS!!NAME! invent a new rule. Be creative
Rule is not in effect anymore
!NAME! give out as many sips as players last names you know
!NAME! choose a word, first person to sing a song with that word gives out 4 drinks
!NAME! sing a chorus from a Justin Bieber song or drink 5 times
!NAME! drink if you've ever laughed at a handicapped person
!NAME! can give out as many drinks as !NAME! has bad traits
!NAME! and !NAME! must agree on someone to drink 3 times
McDonald's meals, first person to repeat themselves or can't think of anything drink 2 times, !NAME! starts
!NAME! has to alternate between sitting and standing for each new challenge
!VIRUS!!NAME! is the magician, they can swap drinks with anyone at anytime
Down your drinks, !NAME! and !NAME!
Decide who the smartest person in the room is, they have to drink 4 times
Drink 3 times if you think you're going to spend the rest of your life with your current partner
!VIRUS!!NAME! turn around and show your back to everyone until further notice
You can face everyone again now
If you haven't given out drinks tonight, give out 3 sips
!VIRUS!Insult the person to your right every time you drink
You can stop insulting each other now (if you want)
!VIRUS!!NAME! you're under arrest, keep your hands behind your head until further notice
You're not under arrest anymore
Really hot actresses, the first person to repeat themselves or can't think of anything drink 3 times. !NAME! starts
Drink 2 times if you've ever had your facebook hacked
!VIRUS!!NAME! give your phone to !NAME! until told otherwise (P.S. it has to be unlocked)
You can give your phone back
People wearing glasses drink 4 times
!VIRUS!!NAME! every time you clap everyone has to take a sip (including you)
Clapping rule is gone
Drink 3 timed if you've ever been on a TV show
If you're name is !NAME! drink once
If you're name is !NAME! give out a drink
If you voted Brexit finish you drink and leave the room
IF you've ever fancied !NAME! drink however many drinks they give out
Lick !NAME!'s toe or drink 5 times
Drink once if you've pissed in public
Give out 5 drinks if you've ever shat in public (Doesn't include public toilets)
!NAME! send a Snapchat to your !NAME!'s ex from their phone or down your drink
Everyone put their phones face down, unmuted on the table. First one to get a notification has to take 3 sips
Last person to take your shoes off and put them on the table has to drink
Do as many sips as fingers Matt Hutchings put in Cat Labrow
Oldest person has to finish their drink
If you're drinking a Desperados finish it
Name what the person to your right is drinking, if you get it wrong drink it
If you do a soft science drink twice
If you do a hard science give out 2 drinks
Choose the person with the shittest fashion sense, they have to drink 2 times
Choose the person most likely to fail uni, they have to drink 5 times to prepare themselves for a life of alcoholism
Dirty job stealing foreigners drink
If you've slept with someone called Megan drink
If you ever made a girl bleed drink
If you didn't get an A or higher at A-Level drink twice
If your grades were BBC drink 3 times
If you put a post about Jasmin on Crushampton, drink twice
